# ai-code-review
AI code review integrates with github to provide review comments for PR. It uses github webhooks to send Pull Request events, The files from the PR are analyzed by AI and the relvant review comments are posted. The AI model is powered by [meta llama3.2](https://ai.meta.com/blog/llama-3-2-connect-2024-vision-edge-mobile-devices/)

## Installation
### Pre-Requisites
* Go (>=1.23.2)
* Llama3.2 
    * Requires LLM to be hosted on device, The current code uses Llama3.2 for code review. 
    * Install llama3.2 using [ollama](https://ollama.com/)
* The application uses default localhost endpoint generated by ollama to make request to LLM, incase it differs for you, the same must be updated.
* Need to setup Github webhooks on your desired repo to send events for Pull Request actions. Append the endpoint **/webhook** to the address of application (for example: **https:mydomain.com/webhook**)
* Application expects the following environment variables. You can create .env file on device and add the following:
    * **GITHUB_TOKEN**: You can genearate this on your github account. Go to your profile -> settings -> Developer settings -> Personal access tokens,, generate an access token and use it (don't share it with anyone!)
    * **PORT**: The port where you want this application to run on device.

### Steps
1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    https://github.com/Shrinidhi9483/ai-code-review.git
    ```
2. Install the dependencies:
    ```
    go mod tidy
    ```
3. Create a .env file with following env variables
    ```
    GITHUB_TOKEN=<YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN>
    PORT=<YOUR_APP_PORT>
    ```
4. Build and run the application
    ```
    go build
    ./ai-code-review
    ```
